# software/official/radarr4k/radarr4k.sh

## Overview

Radarr4k handler

## Index

* [zen::software::radarr4k::add](#zensoftwareradarr4kadd)

* [zen::software::radarr4k::config](#zensoftwareradarr4kconfig)

* [zen::software::radarr4k::update](#zensoftwareradarr4kupdate)

* [zen::software::radarr4k::remove](#zensoftwareradarr4kremove)

* [zen::software::radarr4k::backup](#zensoftwareradarr4kbackup)

* [zen::software::radarr4k::reset](#zensoftwareradarr4kreset)

* [zen::software::radarr4k::reinstall](#zensoftwareradarr4kreinstall)


### zen::software::radarr4k::add

Adds a Radarr4k for a user, including downloading, configuring, and starting the service.

> [!NOTE]
> Disables SC2154 because the variable is defined in the main script.

### zen::software::radarr4k::config

Configures Radarr4k for a user, including setting up configuration files and proxy settings.

#### Examples

```bash
# the following disables pre-release (develop):

```

```bash
zen::software::radarr4k::config "false"
```

```bash
# the following enables pre-release (nightly):

```

```bash
zen::software::radarr4k::config "true"
```

#### Arguments

* **$1** (string): Indicates whether to use a prerelease version of Radarr4k.

### zen::software::radarr4k::update

Updates Radarr4k for a user, including stopping the service, downloading the latest release, and restarting.

### zen::software::radarr4k::remove

Removes Radarr4k for a user, including disabling and deleting the service and cleaning up files.

### zen::software::radarr4k::backup

Creates a backup for Radarr4k settings for a user.

> [!NOTE]
> This function is currently a placeholder and needs implementation.

### zen::software::radarr4k::reset

Resets Radarr4k settings for a user.

> [!NOTE]
> This function is currently a placeholder and needs implementation.

### zen::software::radarr4k::reinstall

Reinstalls Radarr4k for a user.

> [!NOTE]
> This function is currently a placeholder and needs implementation.

---
This file was auto-generated by [shdoc](https://github.com/MediaEase/shdoc)
