# software/official/unpackerr/unpackerr.sh

## Overview

unpackerr handler

## Index

* [zen::software::unpackerr::add](#zensoftwareunpackerradd)

* [zen::software::unpackerr::update](#zensoftwareunpackerrupdate)

* [zen::software::unpackerr::remove](#zensoftwareunpackerrremove)

* [zen::software::unpackerr::backup](#zensoftwareunpackerrbackup)

* [zen::software::unpackerr::reset](#zensoftwareunpackerrreset)

* [zen::software::unpackerr::reinstall](#zensoftwareunpackerrreinstall)

* [zen::software::unpackerr::get_config_key](#zensoftwareunpackerrgetconfigkey)


### zen::software::unpackerr::add

Adds a Unpackerr for a user, including downloading, configuring, and starting the service.

> [!NOTE]
> Disables SC2154 because the variable is defined in the main script.

### zen::software::unpackerr::update

Updates Unpackerr for a user, including stopping the service, downloading the latest release, and restarting.

### zen::software::unpackerr::remove

Removes Unpackerr for a user, including disabling and deleting the service and cleaning up files.

### zen::software::unpackerr::backup

Creates a backup for Unpackerr settings for a user.

> [!NOTE]
> This function is currently a placeholder and needs implementation.

### zen::software::unpackerr::reset

Resets Unpackerr settings for a user.

> [!NOTE]
> This function is currently a placeholder and needs implementation.

### zen::software::unpackerr::reinstall

Reinstalls Unpackerr for a user.

> [!NOTE]
> This function is currently a placeholder and needs implementation.

### zen::software::unpackerr::get_config_key

Gets a key from the software's configuration file.

---
This file was auto-generated by [shdoc](https://github.com/MediaEase/shdoc)
