# software/official/lidarr/lidarr.sh

## Overview

Lidarr handler

## Index

* [zen::software::lidarr::add](#zensoftwarelidarradd)

* [zen::software::lidarr::config](#zensoftwarelidarrconfig)

* [zen::software::lidarr::update](#zensoftwarelidarrupdate)

* [zen::software::lidarr::remove](#zensoftwarelidarrremove)

* [zen::software::lidarr::backup](#zensoftwarelidarrbackup)

* [zen::software::lidarr::reset](#zensoftwarelidarrreset)

* [zen::software::lidarr::reinstall](#zensoftwarelidarrreinstall)


### zen::software::lidarr::add

Adds a Lidarr for a user, including downloading, configuring, and starting the service.

> [!NOTE]
> Disables SC2154 because the variable is defined in the main script.

### zen::software::lidarr::config

Configures Lidarr for a user, including setting up configuration files and proxy settings.

#### Examples

```bash
# the following disables pre-release (develop):

```

```bash
zen::software::lidarr::config "false"
```

```bash
# the following enables pre-release (nightly):

```

```bash
zen::software::lidarr::config "true"
```

#### Arguments

* **$1** (string): Indicates whether to use a prerelease version of Lidarr.

### zen::software::lidarr::update

Updates Lidarr for a user, including stopping the service, downloading the latest release, and restarting.

### zen::software::lidarr::remove

Removes Lidarr for a user, including disabling and deleting the service and cleaning up files.

### zen::software::lidarr::backup

Creates a backup for Lidarr settings for a user.

> [!NOTE]
> This function is currently a placeholder and needs implementation.

### zen::software::lidarr::reset

Resets Lidarr settings for a user.

> [!NOTE]
> This function is currently a placeholder and needs implementation.

### zen::software::lidarr::reinstall

Reinstalls Lidarr for a user.

> [!NOTE]
> This function is currently a placeholder and needs implementation.

---
This file was auto-generated by [shdoc](https://github.com/MediaEase/shdoc)
