# software/sabnzbd/sabnzbd.sh

## Overview

Sabnzbd handler

## Index

* [zen::software::sabnzbd::add](#zensoftwaresabnzbdadd)

* [zen::software::sabnzbd::config](#zensoftwaresabnzbdconfig)

* [zen::software::sabnzbd::update](#zensoftwaresabnzbdupdate)

* [zen::software::sabnzbd::remove](#zensoftwaresabnzbdremove)

* [zen::software::sabnzbd::backup](#zensoftwaresabnzbdbackup)

* [zen::software::sabnzbd::reset](#zensoftwaresabnzbdreset)

* [zen::software::sabnzbd::reinstall](#zensoftwaresabnzbdreinstall)


### zen::software::sabnzbd::add

Adds a Sabnzbd for a user, including downloading, configuring, and starting the service.

> [!NOTE]
> Disables SC2154 because the variable is defined in the main script.

#### Arguments

* **$1** (string): The name of the application (Sabnzbd).
* **$2** (string): A sanitized version of the application name for display.

### zen::software::sabnzbd::config

Configures Sabnzbd for a user, including setting up configuration files and proxy settings.

#### Examples

```bash
# the following disables pre-release (develop):

```

```bash
zen::software::sabnzbd::config "false"
```

```bash
# the following enables pre-release (nightly):

```

```bash
zen::software::sabnzbd::config "true"
```

#### Arguments

* **$1** (string): Indicates whether to use a prerelease version of Sabnzbd.

### zen::software::sabnzbd::update

Updates Sabnzbd for a user, including stopping the service, downloading the latest release, and restarting.

### zen::software::sabnzbd::remove

Removes Sabnzbd for a user, including disabling and deleting the service and cleaning up files.

### zen::software::sabnzbd::backup

Creates a backup for Sabnzbd settings for a user.

### zen::software::sabnzbd::reset

Resets Sabnzbd settings for a user.

> [!NOTE]
> This function is currently a placeholder and needs implementation.

### zen::software::sabnzbd::reinstall

Reinstalls Sabnzbd for a user.

> [!NOTE]
> This function is currently a placeholder and needs implementation.

---
This file was auto-generated by [shdoc](https://github.com/MediaEase/shdoc)
