# software/official/prowlarr/prowlarr.sh

## Overview

Prowlarr handler

## Index

* [zen::software::prowlarr::add](#zensoftwareprowlarradd)

* [zen::software::prowlarr::config](#zensoftwareprowlarrconfig)

* [zen::software::prowlarr::update](#zensoftwareprowlarrupdate)

* [zen::software::prowlarr::remove](#zensoftwareprowlarrremove)

* [zen::software::prowlarr::backup](#zensoftwareprowlarrbackup)

* [zen::software::prowlarr::reset](#zensoftwareprowlarrreset)

* [zen::software::prowlarr::reinstall](#zensoftwareprowlarrreinstall)


### zen::software::prowlarr::add

Adds a Prowlarr for a user, including downloading, configuring, and starting the service.

> [!NOTE]
> Disables SC2154 because the variable is defined in the main script.

### zen::software::prowlarr::config

Configures Prowlarr for a user, including setting up configuration files and proxy settings.

#### Examples

```bash
# the following disables pre-release (develop):

```

```bash
zen::software::prowlarr::config "false"
```

```bash
# the following enables pre-release (nightly):

```

```bash
zen::software::prowlarr::config "true"
```

### zen::software::prowlarr::update

Updates Prowlarr for a user, including stopping the service, downloading the latest release, and restarting.

### zen::software::prowlarr::remove

Removes Prowlarr for a user, including disabling and deleting the service and cleaning up files.

### zen::software::prowlarr::backup

Creates a backup for Prowlarr settings for a user.

> [!NOTE]
> This function is currently a placeholder and needs implementation.

### zen::software::prowlarr::reset

Resets Prowlarr settings for a user.

> [!NOTE]
> This function is currently a placeholder and needs implementation.

### zen::software::prowlarr::reinstall

Reinstalls Prowlarr for a user.

> [!NOTE]
> This function is currently a placeholder and needs implementation.

---
This file was auto-generated by [shdoc](https://github.com/MediaEase/shdoc)
