# modules/permission.sh

## Overview

Contains a library of functions to manage file permissions in the MediaEase project.

## Index

* [zen::permission::fix](#zenpermissionfix)

* [zen::permission::add](#zenpermissionadd)


## Permission Functions

The following functions handle setting file permissions.

### zen::permission::fix

This function sets the permissions of a given path to the specified values.
It validates the existence of the path and the format of the permissions before applying them.
It can handle both files and directories, applying different permissions as needed.

> [!IMPORTANT]
> Incorrect permissions can lead to security vulnerabilities or application failures.

> [!CAUTION]
> Ensure that the user and group have the necessary permissions to modify the specified path.

#### Example

```bash
zen::permission::fix "/path/to/directory" "644" "755" "username" "groupname"
```

#### Arguments

* **$1** (string): Path.
* **$2** (string): File permissions (numeric or symbolic).
* **$3** (string): Directory permissions (numeric or symbolic).
* **$4** (string): User.
* **$5** (string): Group.

#### Exit codes

* **0**: on success.
* **1**: if missing arguments.
* **2**: if the path does not exist.
* **3**: if the permission format is invalid.

### zen::permission::add

This function dynamically creates a chmod function for the given symbolic or numeric permissions.

> [!NOTE]
> Useful for creating reusable permission setting functions.

#### Example

```bash
zen::permission::add "644" "755" "read_exec"
```

#### Arguments

* **$1** (string): File permissions (numeric or symbolic).
* **$2** (string): Directory permissions (numeric or symbolic).
* **$3** (string): Symbolic function name.

---
This file was auto-generated by [shdoc](https://github.com/MediaEase/shdoc)
