# software/official/whisparr/whisparr.sh

## Overview

Whisparr handler

## Index

* [zen::software::whisparr::add](#zensoftwarewhisparradd)

* [zen::software::whisparr::config](#zensoftwarewhisparrconfig)

* [zen::software::whisparr::update](#zensoftwarewhisparrupdate)

* [zen::software::whisparr::remove](#zensoftwarewhisparrremove)

* [zen::software::whisparr::backup](#zensoftwarewhisparrbackup)

* [zen::software::whisparr::reset](#zensoftwarewhisparrreset)

* [zen::software::whisparr::reinstall](#zensoftwarewhisparrreinstall)


### zen::software::whisparr::add

Adds a Whisparr for a user, including downloading, configuring, and starting the service.

> [!NOTE]
> Disables SC2154 because the variable is defined in the main script.

#### Arguments

* **$1** (string): The name of the application (Whisparr).
* **$2** (string): A sanitized version of the application name for display.

### zen::software::whisparr::config

Configures Whisparr for a user, including setting up configuration files and proxy settings.

#### Examples

```bash
# the following disables pre-release (develop):

```

```bash
zen::software::whisparr::config "false"
```

```bash
# the following enables pre-release (nightly):

```

```bash
zen::software::whisparr::config "true"
```

#### Arguments

* **$1** (string): Indicates whether to use a prerelease version of Whisparr.

### zen::software::whisparr::update

Updates Whisparr for a user, including stopping the service, downloading the latest release, and restarting.

### zen::software::whisparr::remove

Removes Whisparr for a user, including disabling and deleting the service and cleaning up files.

### zen::software::whisparr::backup

Creates a backup for Whisparr settings for a user.

> [!NOTE]
> This function is currently a placeholder and needs implementation.

### zen::software::whisparr::reset

Resets Whisparr settings for a user.

> [!NOTE]
> This function is currently a placeholder and needs implementation.

### zen::software::whisparr::reinstall

Reinstalls Whisparr for a user.

> [!NOTE]
> This function is currently a placeholder and needs implementation.

---
This file was auto-generated by [shdoc](https://github.com/MediaEase/shdoc)
