# software/official/transmission/transmission.sh

## Overview

transmission handler

## Index

* [zen::software::transmission::add](#zensoftwaretransmissionadd)

* [zen::software::transmission::update](#zensoftwaretransmissionupdate)

* [zen::software::transmission::remove](#zensoftwaretransmissionremove)

* [zen::software::transmission::backup](#zensoftwaretransmissionbackup)

* [zen::software::transmission::reset](#zensoftwaretransmissionreset)

* [zen::software::transmission::reinstall](#zensoftwaretransmissionreinstall)


### zen::software::transmission::add

Adds a Transmission for a user, including downloading, configuring, and starting the service.

> [!NOTE]
> Disables SC2154 because the variable is defined in the main script.

### zen::software::transmission::update

Updates Transmission for a user, including stopping the service, downloading the latest release, and restarting.

### zen::software::transmission::remove

Removes Transmission for a user, including disabling and deleting the service and cleaning up files.

### zen::software::transmission::backup

Creates a backup for Transmission settings for a user.

> [!NOTE]
> This function is currently a placeholder and needs implementation.

### zen::software::transmission::reset

Resets Transmission settings for a user.

> [!NOTE]
> This function is currently a placeholder and needs implementation.

### zen::software::transmission::reinstall

Reinstalls Transmission for a user.

> [!NOTE]
> This function is currently a placeholder and needs implementation.

---
This file was auto-generated by [shdoc](https://github.com/MediaEase/shdoc)
